Why don't we tell Aunt Su?
Tell what?
Tell him we're faking the marriage
Aunt Su really treats me as her daughter-in-law
It won't end like this
We've all been certified
How can it be considered a fake marriage?
We got the certificate because we were acting on the scene.
If there is a wedding
I was married, but it doesn't matter.
Aren't you afraid that your reputation will be affected?
I never look at other people's opinions in everything I do
But late summer
What do you think of me as a person?
Mr. Fu is handsome
It's the son of the Pangu Group again
The hardware is perfect.
So the software?
software
You may seem like an iceberg
But they're nice.
Just just
only
Sexual orientation is a mystery
You don't think I like men, do you?
Otherwise, there are so many women around you
But still clean
It can only be for that reason
But don't worry.
I can accept marriage
Just don't bring men home
Ha ha.
Mr. Fu, what are you doing?